{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs20 [- Design -]\b0\par
dual loop/ring bus; third feed in-progress. 100% utility adds approx. $1 M extra expense electricity, and $100k NG.\par
\par
\b [- Notes -]\b0\par
1. IR in-house; formally training and certification by 3rd party.\par
2. Current project to replace T1 (TA) & T2 (TB) main xfmrs; xfmrs are onsite w/ N2 blanket.[validated by AJB 4/2023]\par
3. Current project to add a new feeder from PG&E and other utilities/support systems. Will req. both trenching and routing over a building. [AJB - 4/2023]\par
4. Last elec. studies: 11/2020\par
\par
\b [- Xfmrs -]\b0  (>5MVA) XFMR-TG (Cogen)\par
\b [Online]\b0\par
Visual: D\par
IR: A\par
DGA/O: A\par
\b [Offline]\b0\par
Windings:\par
Insulation resistance:\par
Winding resistance:\par
Polarization index:\par
Turns ratio:\par
Power factor/capacitance:\par
Bushings:\par
- Power factor:\par
- Capacitance testing:\par
Core:\par
- Core insulation resistance:\par
\b [\f1 Recording\f0 ]\b0\par
Last Performed:\par
Prior Date:\par
\par
\b [- Xfmrs -]\b0  (<5MVA)\par
\b [Online]\b0\par
Visual: D\par
IR: A\par
DGA/O: A\par
\b [Offline]\b0\par
Low resistance:\par
Insulation resistance:\par
Power factor:\par
Last offline: FY 2022 on new T1 & T2 (or A & B) xfmrs\par
History: #5, 6, & 9 xfmr oil replaced in 2012.\par
\par
\b [- MV Swgr -]\b0\par
\b [Online]\b0\par
Visual: D\par
IR: A\par
C/C/D/T: Y\par
\b [Offline]\b0\par
Low Resistance: 5yr\par
Contact resistance: 5yr\par
Insulation resistance: 5yr\par
Trip & close coil (V): 5yr\par
Contact timing: 5yr\par
Power factor/dissipation: 5yr\par
Current injection: 5yr\par
Relay testing: 5yr\par
Last Date: 6/2022\par
Prev. Date: [unk]\par
\par
\b [- Batteries -]\b0\par
Purpose: 21 kV & Cogen\par
MFR:\par
Type:\par
MFD (Date Code):\par
Install Date:\par
- 21 kV: 8/22\par
- Cogen: 8/22\par
Conductance: No. As of 4/2023, in-progress of purchasing test eqpt.\par
Capacity: 2022 (-ish. Live outage for repair of aux swgr ct loss)\par
Cooling:\par
Remote Alarming:\par
\par
\b [- LV Swgr -]\b0\par
\b [Online]\b0\par
Visual: D\par
IR: A\par
C/C/D/T: Y\par
\b [Offline]\b0\par
Low Resistance: 5yr\par
Contact resistance: 5yr\par
Insulation resistance: 5yr\par
1\f1\'b0/2\'b0 Inj testing: 4/2022\par
Last Date:\~\~4/2022\par
Prev. Date: unk\par
\par
\b [- ATS -]\b0\par
ITM: A (IAW OEM/ASCO)\par
Xfers: M (load xfer)\par
\par
\b [- EDGs -]\b0\par
\b [ITM]\par
\b0 ITM: S/A, A (3rd party)\par
\b [Runs]\b0\par
No Loads: W\par
Load Xfmr: M\par
Load Bank: A\par
\b [Batts]\b0\par
ITM: w A\par
Replace: replaced every two or three years (per OSHPD)\f0\par
}
